Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
Guts!
Take up that sword!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
Moment of Glory
Griffith!
Wow!
I didn't know that so many people lived in Windham!
Pippin!
Miss Casca!
My dear sister, please turn around!
I can't take it...
The Raiders!
Commander Guts is taking the lead!
He is the man who defeated General Boscone!
The Band of the Hawk's strongest warrior!
This is great!
I've never seen such an enthusiastic victory parade before.
Well, why don't you wave your arm or something, Commander?
You are the hero of the battle, after all.
Commander?
What's the matter?
You look a little down.
Really, I'm okay...
It's real...
Could anyone have even dreamt of this day three years ago?
That's true!
But one man did...
Only him...
I will have my own kingdom...
It's amazing...
Really...
There he is, my lady!
Look, Sir Griffith is so popular!
All of the women are in a frenzy.
How dare they get so close to him!
Acting so forward!
Please, make haste!
My lady, please stand still, will you?
Otherwise, your dress...
Tell me, how do I look?
You look fantastic in it.
You have changed into five dresses, my lady. It's best to decide now.
Really?
But I think... My lady, come here and hurry!
He is passing by, hurry!
Wait, wait!
The princess sure became cheerful all of a sudden.
She would barely eat when the Band of the Hawk was in the field.
Sir Griffith!
Oh no!
It is impossible in this noisy crowd.
You had best wait until the celebration.
Did you make the arrangements?
Consider it done.
We should hold a feast to celebrate after everything has fallen into place.
A feast held to express our regrets over his death.
How ironic.
The battlefield's White Hawk will meet his end in a birdcage of stone walls.
Of course, it will happen on this day, the most notable in his entire life.
This is merciful, at least.
Minister Foss!
What's happened?
I've brought a letter addressed to you, sir.
A letter?
But from who?
I do not know.
A lady from the court entrusted this to me.
Excuse me.
T-This is...
What is the matter, Minister Foss?
W-Well...
Nothing is the matter, Your Majesty.
I have a little errand to take care of, so please excuse me.
See you later then.
How?
How did this happen?
Bastard!
Look!
Here comes Sir Griffith!
The Band of the Hawk's members?
Midland's guardian angels!
I see.
The heavy taxes on the commoners is spent on this place.
Yeah...
Hey, stick out your chest!
They will look down on you if you aren't confident!
I'm so nervous. It's embarrassing.
But we have come this far at last.
That's true.
I can't believe I'm standing in a place I've only heard about in fairy tales!
If I hadn't met the Band of the Hawk and Griffith...
...I would never have even imagined this sight, not even in a dream...
Me, surrounded by nobles in a huge castle like this.
Sir Griffith!
Welcome back, my lord.
Pleased to see you safe. We were worried about you.
I heard that you all carried the battle on your shoulders again.
Please tell us your stories of the battlefield.
Would you mind if I offered myself for a dance later?
I would love to dance with you too!
No, tell us your story first.
I am afraid of boring you ladies by telling a barbarous war tale.
We wouldn't be bored at all. It's very exciting!
Yes!
Wow... He certainly seems at home...
Damn, he should share one of them with me!
You must be the Band of the Hawk's commanders?
I would like you to tell me your heroic exploits on the battlefield.
You certainly are strong, aren't you?
Well, I really am I must confess.
I am even afraid of my own strength.
It's you, isn't it?
The raider commander who defeated General Boscone in single combat?
Y-Yeah... How fabulous!
Despite the fact that General Boscone...
...was their great hero, and every country knows his reputation.
That's true!
I also heard that you defeated a hundred men all by yourself.
Is that true?
Y-Yeah... This is unbelievable!
Are you the strongest in the Band of the Hawk?
Who is stronger, Sir Griffith or you?
Hey, you take care of them!
Oh no!
He's leaving!
All right, no problem!
No fair, Guts!
So cute!
Um... How muscular!
Let me touch! Let me touch!
Look how carried away they are...
Deep down, all of them probably feel undeserving of this praise.
Perhaps...
But even the generals must recognize the Band of the Hawk's true strength.
Of course.
Because one hundred years later...
...they have fulfilled our kingdom's long-cherished wish.
As if it were nothing.
It was wise that you spoke up for him earlier, Sir Raban.
You have foresight, and I will follow your example.
You're starting to sound like a certain minister we all know, Sir Owen.
However, we will all need to be a little like that in future.
The war is over.
I pray to God that the upcoming peace and tranquility will last for ages...
In a period of peace, warriors like us who only know how to wield swords...
...have to find a new way to survive within the castle.
Ironically, the man who brought this peace must also be aware of this...
That man stands out too much to be a part of the court...
...without causing a disturbance.
The stronger a light shines...
...the darker the nearby shadows grow.
Oh, jeez...
I can't deal with this.
What are they doing?
Come on!
H-Hey, wait... What the...
Who the hell are you?
Those men are pestering me, and I don't know what to do.
I want you to pretend that you're my partner for a while.
It's annoying!
Those useless sons of noblemen must not see many female warriors.
They look at me like I'm some kind of rare animal...
What are you looking at?
I didn't know you liked to wear...
Don't tell me that...
Just come this way!
How embarrassing!
It's not my fault!
I see...
I'm not very good at these kinds of things.
Wielding a sword is much more comfortable.
I agree.
But I wonder what put such an idea into your head?
To think that you, our brave sister Casca, is wearing a flowing dress...
I normally dress like a man simply because it's easier to move that way.
It doesn't mean that I'm fond of wearing men's clothes!
But...
I shouldn't have done something I'm not used to.
I'll make myself sick if I keep wearing these kinds of loose dresses.
Come to think of it, I haven't worn a skirt for so long...
And look at all my muscles...
Don't I look ridiculous?
No, you look good.
Really?
Sure, you look better than the noble girls crowding around Griffith.
Hey, why don't you ask Griffith to dance with you?
No...
It's impossible...
I haven't danced since those small village festivals when I was a kid.
I'd end up stepping on Griffith's feet...
Anyway, tell me why you've had such a change of heart.
You've never showed up in stuffy places like this before...
I want to see everything through to the end... What?
Ever since I met you three years ago...
...what Griffith and I...
What everyone has done within these years...
...and what he has won so far, and what he will win in the future...
I want to see it to the end.
That's why I came.
Guts...
So you do want to... the Band of the Hawk.
For real?
No matter what?
Long live the king!
His Majesty has arrived.
You go on ahead.
I'll stay here and cool off for a while.
I can't stand listening to the king's tedious speeches.
Don't be too long.
Sure...
You...
What?
No...
Nothing...
There is another reason why I'm here at this evening party.
No one knows what will happen here in a few moments.
Not Casca or the other Band of the Hawk guys...
It's a little too much for them, isn't it, Griffith?
First of all, I shall share some good news with you.
A little while ago, Tudor envoys were sent to our kingdom.
They carried a signed armistice treaty.
I am most grateful for your strength and fortitude through these horrible times.
I should like to express my utmost gratitude.
It is understandable that more than a few of you might be displeased...
...by the armistice.
After all, many of you have lost your family and friends to this war...
...and our enmity toward Tudor has been harbored for generations.
However, it is urgent for us to rebuild our kingdom.
Our kingdom has been exhausted due to the war effort.
I expect everyone to contribute all they can to return our land to prosperity.
As you well know...
...this armistice is due to the Band of the Hawk's merits, led by Count Griffith.
Due to their distinguished service.
During the past one hundred years...
...it has been said the conquest of Doldrey would be utterly impossible.
But they succeeded with unparalleled courage in such an undertaking.
Excuse me, let me pass please.
And I will inform you now, at this joyous celebration, that there will be...
...a rite of decoration held the day after tomorrow...
I deem it proper to confer upon Count Griffith and the Band of the Hawk...
...the title of White Knights and highest authority over Midland's army.
Their official titles will most likely be...
...White Hawk General Griffith and the White Hawk Knights.
All of the Band of the Hawk's company commanders...
...will be personally knighted by myself and raised to the peerage.
The White Hawk General!
The White Hawk Knights!
Wonderful!
So amazing!
I can't believe this...
We're going to become noblemen! Us!
Isn't it wonderful?
Uh, thank you...
Please let me pass.
Why...
A commoner, promoted to the highest rank in Midland?
Utter nonsense...
This is quite unexpected.
Indeed...
This is wonderful!
You will meet your end shortly...
Go on and revel in your illusive glory while you still can.
It is about time, Mr. Foss.
What's wrong with you?
You look really pale...
This is unlike you.
Is it because you are afraid of...
N-No, of course I'm not...
Please pull yourself together, Minister Foss.
Please, sir.
Certainly, thank you.
Now, we should toast the celebration of our young heroes...
...and of course, the future prosperity of Midland.
Excuse me, let me pass please.
Raise your glass!
Cheers!
Please, make way.
Griffith...
Griffith!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
What comes to a man's mind when he realizes his dreams?
Days long past, future ambitions... Affection for his loved ones?
Dreams are to be fulfilled for one's own sake.
But will there ever come a time...
...when one is able to retrieve what's been lost along the way?
Tombstone of Flames